tldr: add --short-option example (#23354)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/tldr.md

`tldr {{[-l|--list]}}`

> - Print the tldr page for a command with short options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the tldr page for a command and display short options:
```
There was a bit of ambiguity.

> `tldr {{[--short-options]}} {{command}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tldr --short-options {{command}}`
```
This syntax requires both the short and long options to be present.

Author: woops. you're right. I originally had it as `-s` before I discovered that that isn't the same. Ironically `--short-options` doesn't have a short option itself.
